README.md, before:

Hey I'm rapidcow!

I mess with computer sometimes, and I know some stuff I guess.
I use Python and Perl disproportionately (but I am learning Go
and Rust!) and I'm a big fan of anything that has to do with
free software.

You can reach me via any email you find in the commits I authored,
with the exception of the no-reply mailboxes with the github.com
domain.  (To check with Git, a ``git log`` suffices.
To check on GitHub, [append ``.patch`` to the commit URL](https://stackoverflow.com/a/6188624).)
Otherwise, I think you can use **devel** (at) (my username) (dot) org.

I prefer [plain text email](https://useplaintext.email/).

## ABOUT J\*B

**Employers!**  Please note that I have a separate impersonal
school / work account **[&#x40;eyzmeng](https://github.com/eyzmeng)**.

Please note that I also have a designated email for employment
(aka j\*b *violent coughing*).  For your reference, it should be
**hire** (at) (my username) (dot) org, *not* **devel** or
literally anything else.  And for your reference again,
www (dot) (my username) (dot) org is **not** my "personal"
website; www.endfindme.com is.  You will not find a CV there
(though to be honest, I don't have a CV anywhere yet :P)

People also say I am too young to be hired so keep that in mind.

## where are all the repos?

I use:

* Codeberg: https://codeberg.org/rapidcow
* SourceHut: https://git.sr.ht/~rapidcow/

I prefer SourceHut for its email-driven discussion and
pull request model -- data is everything, and I like
managing old-school emails than pull requests with the
fancy Markdown and stuff.  [Free software needs free tools][]! :)
(and preferably uncomplicated, low-resource, and doesn't require
a GUI to access.  Hence email over pull requests -- again.)

[Free software needs free tools]: https://mako.cc/writing/hill-free_tools.html

The only exception are forks of code that is already hosted here,
third-party integrations (such as Homebrew taps and Hacklily
sheet music), and some abhorrently large repositories that should
only be suffered by a Gitweb provider as gratuituous as the child
of Microsoft Corporation itself.

Commit message:

oh no, here's here
Gravatar i hate you why are you still tying my account
to that age-old email i used for GitHUb >:( i thoght you
differentiated based on the email or something UGH-

README.md, after:

Hey I'm rapidcow!

I mess with computer sometimes, and I know some stuff I guess.
I use Python and Perl disproportionately (but I am learning Go
and Rust!) and I'm a big fan of anything that has to do with
free software.

You can reach me via any email you find in the commits I authored,
with the exception of the no-reply mailboxes with the github.com
domain.  (To check with Git, a ``git log`` suffices.
To check on GitHub, [append ``.patch`` to the commit URL](https://stackoverflow.com/a/6188624).)
Otherwise, I think you can use **devel** (at) (my username) (dot) org.

I prefer [plain text email](https://useplaintext.email/).

## credit

My profile picture is somehow [Cain](https://bindingofisaacrebirth.fandom.com/wiki/Cain) here too?

from Ward's Tumblr (i didn't draw him!!!)
<https://wardenwarp.tumblr.com/post/702862168706744320>

(I have no idea how he got here..... now that he's here I actually
kind of want to keep him???  ~~he's so adorable omagosh ToT~~)

## ABOUT J\*B

**Employers!**  Please note that I have a separate impersonal
school / work account **[&#x40;eyzmeng](https://github.com/eyzmeng)**.

Please note that I also have a designated email for employment
(aka j\*b *violent coughing*).  For your reference, it should be
**hire** (at) (my username) (dot) org, *not* **devel** or
literally anything else.  And for your reference again,
www (dot) (my username) (dot) org is **not** my "personal"
website; www.endfindme.com is.  You will not find a CV there
(though to be honest, I don't have a CV anywhere yet :P)

People also say I am too young to be hired so keep that in mind.

## where are all the repos?

I use:

* Codeberg: https://codeberg.org/rapidcow
* SourceHut: https://git.sr.ht/~rapidcow/

I prefer SourceHut for its email-driven discussion and
pull request model -- data is everything, and I like
managing old-school emails than pull requests with the
fancy Markdown and stuff.  [Free software needs free tools][]! :)
(and preferably uncomplicated, low-resource, and doesn't require
a GUI to access.  Hence email over pull requests -- again.)

[Free software needs free tools]: https://mako.cc/writing/hill-free_tools.html

The only exception are forks of code that is already hosted here,
third-party integrations (such as Homebrew taps and Hacklily
sheet music), and some abhorrently large repositories that should
only be suffered by a Gitweb provider as gratuituous as the child
of Microsoft Corporation itself.
